docs(AwsRedisCluster): add docs and tutorial (#1269)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/resources/04-50-10-aws-redis-cluster.md

# AwsRedisCluster Custom Resource

The `awsrediscluster.cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` is a namespace-scoped custom resource (CR).
It describes the AWS ElastiCache Redis instance with cluster mode enabled.
After the instance is provisioned, a Kubernetes Secret with endpoint and credential details is provided in the same namespace.
By default, the created auth Secret has the same name as the AwsRedisCluster, unless specified otherwise.

> The AwsRedisCluster requires an IpRange. The size of IpRange is relative to the number of shards and replicas. Those IP addresses are allocated from the [IpRange](./04-10-iprange.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AwsRedisCluster requires an IpRange CR. The size of IpRange is relative to the number of shards and replicas. Those IP addresses are allocated from the IpRange.
```

If the IpRange is not specified in the AwsRedisCluster, the default IpRange is used.
If a default IpRange does not exist, it is automatically created.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [IpRange Custom Resource](./04-10-iprange.md).

```

Optionally, you can specify the `replicasPerShard`, `engineVersion`, `authEnabled`, `parameters`, and `preferredMaintenanceWindow` fields.

As in-transit encryption is always enabled, communication with the Redis instance requires a trusted Certificate Authority (CA). You must install it on the container (e.g., using `apt-get install -y ca-certificates && update-ca-certificate`).

## Redis Cluster Tiers

| RedisTier | Capacity (GiB) | Network (up to Gbps) | Machine            |
| --------- | -------------- | -------------------- | ------------------ |
| C1        | 1.37           | 5                    | cache.t4g.small    |
| C2        | 3.09           | 5                    | cache.t4g.medium   |
| C3        | 6.38           | 12.5                 | cache.m7g.large    |
| C4        | 12.93          | 12.5                 | cache.m7g.xlarge   |
| C5        | 26.04          | 15                   | cache.m7g.2xlarge  |
| C6        | 52.26          | 15                   | cache.m7g.4xlarge  |
| C7        | 103.68         | 15                   | cache.m7g.8xlarge  |
| C8        | 209.55         | 30                   | cache.m7g.16xlarge |

> ## Specification

Reviewer: The specification is almost the same as for the AwsRedisInstance with two additional parameters: **shardCount**, and ****replicasPerShard**, is that correct?
